<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" 
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui">

<f:metadata>
<f:event type="preRenderView" listener="#{profileBean.verifyUserLogin()}" />
</f:metadata>

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/layoutadmin.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	>
	
<ui:define name="content">
<b:container>
	<b:row>
		<b:column>
			<b:form>
			<b:panel id ="panel" collapsible="false" look="primary">
				<f:facet name="heading">
					<h:outputText value="SCAHA LETTER OF INTENT AND MEMBERSHIP REGISTRATION #{loiBean.getCurrentyear()}" />
				</f:facet>
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="3,3,3,3" id="loimain" style="padding: 5;">
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="#{loiBean.getCurrentyear()} Club:"/>
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.getClubName()}"/>
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="#{loiBean.getCurrentyear()} Boys Team:"/>
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.getThisYearBoysTeam()}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Name(Last,First):" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.lastname}, #{loiBean.firstname}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="#{loiBean.getCurrentyear()} Girls Team:" rendered="#{loiBean.displaygirlteam}"/>
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.getThisYearGirlsTeam()}" rendered="#{loiBean.displaygirlteam}"/>
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Date of Birth:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.dob}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Citizenship:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.citizenship}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Gender:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.displaygender}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Address:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.address}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="City:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.city}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="State:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.state}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Zip:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.zip}" />
					<h:outputText value=" " />
					<h:outputText value=" " />
					<!--<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="#{loiBean.getPrioryear()} Club:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.lastyearclub}" />
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Team:" />
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.lastyearteam}" />-->
				</b:panelGrid>
				<p:spacer width="10" height="10" />
				<p:spacer width="10" height="10" />
				<b:dataTable
						id="playerhistoryforcovidaaaaa"
						var="PlayerStat"
						value="#{loiBean.getPlayerhistory()}"
						editable="false"
						select="false"
						paginated="false"
						border="false"
						searching="false"
				>
					<b:dataTableColumn >
						<f:facet name="header">
							Year
						</f:facet>
						<h:outputText value="#{PlayerStat.getGmcount()}" />
					</b:dataTableColumn>
					<b:dataTableColumn >
						<f:facet name="header">
							Club
						</f:facet>
						<h:outputText value="#{PlayerStat.getPenalties()}" />
					</b:dataTableColumn>
					<b:dataTableColumn >
						<f:facet name="header">
							Team Name
						</f:facet>
						<h:outputText value="#{PlayerStat.getTeamname()}"/>
					</b:dataTableColumn>
				</b:dataTable>
				<p:spacer width="10" height="10" />
				<b:dataTable
					id="playersearchresult" 
					var="FamilyRow"
					value="#{loiBean.getParents()}" 
					editable="false" 
					select="false"
					paginated="false" 
					border="false"
					searching="false"
					>
					<b:dataTableColumn >
			            <f:facet name="header">
					        Parent/Guardian Name
					    </f:facet>
					    <h:outputText value="#{FamilyRow.getLastname()}" />, <h:outputText value="#{FamilyRow.getFirstname()}" />
			        </b:dataTableColumn> 
					<b:dataTableColumn >
			            <f:facet name="header">
					        E-Mail
					    </f:facet>
					    <h:outputText value="#{FamilyRow.getEmail()}" />
			        </b:dataTableColumn>
			        <b:dataTableColumn >
			            <f:facet name="header">
					        Phone
					    </f:facet>
					    <h:outputText value="#{FamilyRow.getPhone()}"/>
			        </b:dataTableColumn> 
				</b:dataTable>
			</b:panel>
			<p:spacer width="10" height="10" /> 
			<b:panel id ="playeruppanel" rendered="#{loiBean.displayplayerup}" collapsible="false" look="primary">
				<f:facet name="heading">
					<h:outputText value="Out of Age Division Consent - Acknowledgement and Release (Player Up)" />
				</f:facet>
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="12">
						In consideration of the above mentioned player to play outside of the player’s respective age group, the undersigned parent(s) or guardian(s) of the above player acknowledges and agrees to the following:
						<ul>
							<li>Hockey is a contact sport and the age classifications are intended to ensure that players play with those of similar ability and physical development.</li>
							<li>That the parent(s) or guardian(s) accept all responsibility of allowing the above named player to skate out of their age division.</li>
							<li>That the parent(s) or guardians(s) have reviewed the applicable SCAHA and CAHA rules and regulations regarding the subject of this request and agree to abide by those rules and regulations.</li>
							<li>That the parent(s) or guardian(s) agrees to release from responsibility, the member club, SCAHA, CAHA, USA Hockey and their directors, officers and other officials from any action or injury arising out of the player playing outside of their age division.</li>
							<li>That the parent(s) or guardian(s) agree to release from responsibility and to defend and indemnify, to the fullest extent allowed by law, the member club, SCAHA, CAHA, USA Hockey and their directors, officers and other officials from any action or injury arising out of the player playing outside of their age division.</li>
							<li>That the parent(s) or guardian(s) understand once a player is rostered out of their age division they cannot return to their age-appropriate division for the remainder of the season.</li>  
				    	</ul>
				</b:panelGrid>
				<p:spacer width="10" height="5" />
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="4,2,2,2,2">
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Parent/Guardian Signature:"/>
					<h:outputText value="******"/>
					<h:outputText value="Date:"/>
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.currentdate}"/>
				</b:panelGrid>
			</b:panel>
			<p:spacer width="10" height="10" />
			<b:panel id ="panel5" collapsible="false" look="primary">	
				<f:facet name="heading">
					<h:outputText value="Notices and Agreements" />
				</f:facet>
				
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="12">
					This Letter of Intent expresses the above named player’s commitment to the named club for the above season. This commitment begins on the date signed by the player and continues until April 30, 2024. Any contested Letter of Intent shall be subject to the SCAHA Appeal Hearing process as outlined in the SCAHA Guidebook. Once this letter is signed, players may not tryout or participate with any other team/club in SCAHA for the subject season without a permanent or temporary release.
					<br></br>The signatures below signify that the player and parents understand and agree to the following as conditions of membership in SCAHA and the member club:
					<ul>
						<li>I have access to, and agree to be bound by the SCAHA Guidebook that contains the leagues bylaws, rules and regulations. The Guidebook is available at www.scaha.com. If I don’t have Internet access, the club will provide a printed copy of the Guidebook upon request.</li>
						<li>All participants are subject to the USA Hockey Playing Rules, Bylaws and Codes of Conduct, the SCAHA Guidebook and the CAHA Guidebook.</li>
						<li>Players, parents, spectators, coaches and all team officials will conduct themselves in a manner conducive to good sportsmanship by refraining from abusive, obscene or threatening language or gestures, physical violence, and any behavior that would be considered unsportsmanlike or would disrespect the game, its players, coaches, or officials.</li>
						<li>Resolution of disputes shall be in accordance with and subject to the applicable SCAHA, CAHA and USA Hockey bylaws, rules and regulations.</li>
						<li>Any deposit paid and submitted with this Letter of Intent is non-refundable.</li>
						<li>Any failure to comply with these conditions could subject the undersigned to immediate suspension from SCAHA subject to a hearing.</li>
						<li>I understand that the California Amateur Hockey Association has adopted concussion-related education and awareness into their Guidebook and Rules of Play.</li>
						<li>I understand the following guidelines exist and will respect them if they must be instituted with the above named player:</li>
						<ul>
							<li>An athlete who is suspected of sustaining a concussion or head injury in an athletic activity shall be immediately removed from the activity for the remainder of the day. Removal from play can be at the request of a coach, official, team manager, parent/guardian, or the player</li>
							<li>Athlete shall not be permitted to return to the activity until he/she is evaluated by a licensed health care provider, who is trained in the management of concussions, acting within the scope of his/her practice.</li>
							<li>The athlete shall not be permitted to return to the activity until he or she receives written clearance to return to the activity from that licensed health care provider.</li>
						</ul>
						<li>Should it be determined that the above named player needs to be removed from play, I/we understand that the protocol outlined herein shall be followed for the safety of the player. Further, I/we understand that the above named player will receive concussion education during the course of the season</li>
						<li>I understand that if a suspected concussion has occurred and protocol has been enacted for the above named player, there is no review period or negotiation as to the course of action and return to play outside of the recommendations of the licensed healthcare provider that I/we have selected to treat the above named player.</li>
						<li>I understand that if/we suspect the above named player has experienced a concussion or exhibits behavior that suggests concussion-like symptoms, I/we have the authority to remove the player from play and begin the concussion protocol with a licensed healthcare provider of my/your selection.</li>
					</ul>
				</b:panelGrid>
				<p:spacer width="10" height="5" />
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="4,2,2,2,2" rendered="#{loiBean.is18safesport}">
					<h:outputText value="Player will be 18, has safesport been completed?:"/>
					<h:outputText value="#{loiBean.safesportfor18display}"/>
					<h:outputText value=" "/>
				    <h:outputText value=" "/>
				    <h:outputText value=" "/>
				</b:panelGrid>	
				<p:spacer width="10" height="5" />	
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="4,2,2,2,2">
					<h:outputText style="font-weight: bold;" value="Parent/Guardian Signature:"/>
					<h:outputText value="*****"/>
					<h:outputText value="Date: #{loiBean.currentdate}"/>
				</b:panelGrid>
				<p:spacer width="10" height="5" />
				<b:panelGrid colSpans="3,3,2,2,2">
					<h:outputText value=" "/>
					<h:outputText value=" "/>
					<p:spacer width="10" height="5" />
					<b:commandButton value="Return to Search" look="info" action="addplayerstoteam.xhtml?faces-redirect=true"
						large-screen="full-width"
    					medium-screen="full-width"
    					small-screen="full-width"
    					tiny-screen="full-width"
					/>
					<b:commandButton value="Print LOI" id="printloi" look="info" onclick="window.print(); return false;" ajax="false" 
						large-screen="full-width"
    					medium-screen="full-width"
    					small-screen="full-width"
    					tiny-screen="full-width"/>
    				
					
				</b:panelGrid>
			</b:panel>
			</b:form>
		</b:column>
	</b:row>
</b:container>	
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>